So, now we're going to work with an actually a real Hadoop cluster,
and if you go here to Elastic MapReduce,
you get the ability to create actual Hadoop clusters.
These are past old clusters which are terminated.
So, if I say create cluster here and I go,
I can pick the name of my cluster,
I can pick how many nodes do I want and the instance types and how many nodes do I want.
Here also, let's say it's three nodes, no problem.
You also take care that you also,
like any EC2 machine if you want to SSH to that,
you'd pick a key pair.
But what's important here is that,
when you go to the Advanced Options and click what you want to work with,
you get to choose what to install.
So, you can put Hadoop and that's would give you an HDFS.
You can put Hive,
you can put Spark and you can put Zookeeper and so
forth and actually you can do like this,
you can do whatever you like.
I'm going to go back to the to the quick options.
You can also set up a cluster that will be
up and running or you can do it as a step execution which means,
from another scripts, you are going to
just launch this to do something and it closes again.
Anyhow, we're not going to do the cluster,
not the step execution at the moment.
This is just to show you that you can do that.
We're going to do something much nicer here which is the ability to have notebooks,
normal notebooks and for the notebooks,
these notebooks actually, themselves are saved in S3.
For the notebook, while creating it can launch a cluster for you.
So, we're going to say,
Data Lake Demo, perhaps.
We choose an existing cluster that we built before or we create
a cluster and we're going to call it the Data Lake Cluster.
The default thing is that it has Hadoop,
Spark and Livy which provides a web interface that makes working with the,
I mean, web much easier with Spark.
But we don't care about that,
we care about Hadoop and Spark.
Actually, now we're going to use only Spark.
Instance one is enough.
If you're doing something big,
you really need to crunch,
you can get more.
Here, it has all the default trolls.
You don't need to change that.
You can leave the default security groups,
and this is where it's going to save the Python notebook itself.
We create the notebook.
Somehow it has a problem creating a new cluster.
Well, that was a glitch.
I'm glad it happened in the demo.
I haven't seen it before.
Now you see that it can actually happen.
This is going to stay a while,
I'm going to refresh and hopefully it will open.